[Music]
so we're on our way to velocity and
bounties which is the longest Empire in
Europe this will be fine Electra partner
goggles because I think Verity and I'm
not sure if ruby is wearing contact with
diamonds
oh my gosh it's so high up
wait is that the end point we're like
where's the star boy oh my gosh really
capsule let's do this look so scary are
you excited to not be collide now we're
looking at that I think on TV doesn't my
up my own she doesn't let go on this how
we know we're in Wales Oscar where are
we
we have to supply it three of these
headcanon say that we conducted the trip
[Music]
how exciting
yes
[Music]
maybe they say how you feeling as how
you feeling better
okay not as nervous now
[Music]
nice touch
absolutely
I loved it hi Katie hi we are the last
ones in here because we're just waiting
for oh it's gone off for the photos
[Music]